---
layout: post
title:  "Personal Blog"
date:   2020-06-9 21:03:36 +0530
categories: HTB OSCP CySEC Blog
---
**10/26/2020** - I have been neglecting my blog a bit while delving into a lot of OSCP related studies. I had completed my test the week prior and got results today, unfortunately I did not pass. I believe I had spent way too much time preparing for the exam portion that I neglected proper reporting. If I had taken more time to look and analyze what makes a good report I would have passed as I had accrued enough points on the exam portion. I will currently be going back and studying proper reporting etiquette and ensure that when the exam cooldown is over and I retake it I am more prepared for the exam report. In the meantime as well, I will be looking into career opportunities as I feel my pentesting is finally up to par for obtaining a position in the field.

**7/15/2020** - It has been a bit since I had posted a blog entry, figured it would be best to continue doing so to track my progress in infoSec. I had finally bitten the bullet and purchased a HTB Subscription. It has been worth 100 euros thus far, I am grinding through some of the older boxes and learning various new exploits and improving my enumeration process along with how I handle privesc in both Windows and Linux environments. The OSCP is still daunting at the moment but I am gaining confidence in my ability to pwn boxes, I still feel like I have an easier time with UNIX boxes or Windows boxes so I am trying to throw more Windows boxes in my plans. I believe I currently have a 60/40 split between Linux and Windows boxes I have completed. I have also started working on more sql based exploitation boxes as it has been a weakness of mine and I am starting to gain more confidence in my abilities to exploit sql. I believe next I should lookup machines that require more XSS exploits as I have only done a few of those and would like to become more comfortable in detecting and exploiting XSS vulnerabilities. I am frequently looking at OWASP top 10 and determining where my weaknesses are for both enumerating/determining a vulnerability and then exploiting said vulnerability. This journey towards my OSCP so far has been extremely fruitful, I have had that privilege of learning and experimenting with some many different technological solutions I otherwise wouldn't have stumbled across for many years. It is also very insightful to see certain tech I am familiar with and have implemented in a corporate environment in the past and see how it could become a hole in the network if not implemented properly. I have also been reading "Defensive Security Handbook" by Amanda Berlin and Lee Brotherston in my freetime to continue to gain an understanding in securing an environment. Makes me wish I had more time on my hands so I could go in full depth all of these interesting topics and understand them at a higher level. That will have to wait till I am done with my OSCP and obtain some of the knowledge, skills, and nuances I would really only come across working in the field. I have definitely become more eager to put some of the various skill sets I have sharpened to use, and look forward to when I am done with my test so I can find a position in which I can provide value to the company with everything I have learned and continue to perfect. Hopefully I will have another post sooner than the gap between my previous post and this one. I am attempting to continue to blog even if it is just for the benefit of myself. I find it very beneficial as it allows me to think through what I have been doing and also plan on where I want to go next with my studies.

**6/28/2020** - Finished another HTB machine that I believe was worth reflecting and writing about what I had learned. This box was tougher than usual, especially with getting a foothold. Frequently a foothold does not take as long as it took me with this box. It didn't take me long to get through the initial part of truncating sql to overwrite the existing administrator credentials for the web interface. After that it took a ton of enumeration, I had learned early on that I can get XSS commands to execute. The issue I had faced was getting something valuable from it. My issue was that I was not recieving a standard output, as the way I was executing this command was all server-side then it spit out a seemingly useless pdf. I was very focused on obtaining information by trying to send it to my IP rather than trying to write to the document it had been spitting out. After I had finally come to the realization that the pdf had some value, I was able with some googling to find a script that wrote local files to the pdf. With this I was able to test /etc/passwd and got a single user with /bin/bash attached. After that I edited the script to dump the private ssh key of the user I had found, with this I had a usable session to search for privesc routes. The privesc with this wasn't as difficult as the initial user but it still gave me some cool insight on this CVE. After my initial enum of services etc. there was a cron running daily that seemed to backup various logs. The service attached to this automated script was Logrotate, with this I had googled for vulns and found the conditions matched to exploit this service. It was rather simple from there aside from manually writing small amounts of data to the logs to trigger the script was not working. After some messing around "head -c 10M < /dev/urandom > LOGFILE'' did the trick and put my payload in /etc/bash_completion.d. After about a minute the script executed under Root perms and it triggered my python reverse shell and I had root. Took me more time then I would have liked, but that's the whole point I presume I learned a lot through the various rabbit holes I dug myself in and out of.

 **6/22/2020** - Dealt with an interesting box today that required a lot of different skill sets I was unaware of at the time. The first one was using a CVE for a database program to connect it to a rogue database to dump the local.xml configuration. This proved quite difficult when attempting to set up a mysql server on linux, that was the biggest hurdle. After finally getting mysql to be launched with a Database and a table. I logged into the webserver and connected to my remote db and was able to use the exploit found in the program to dump a user's logs. Afterwards while trying to enumerate privescelation. I was sudoers permissions for setting environment variables. A crontab was running every 5 minutes for a script that did backups on /etc/passwd and various directories. The good part about this is that it used a python script for one of the dialog options in the script. I was able to hijack the IMPORT module and direct it to a script with the name of the module to get a reverse shell. This was another great learning box and I am glad I picked this one to do. I believe I brushed up on my sql skills as well which was valuable.

**6/16/2020** - Worked on a Windows hackthebox machine today. A pretty informative box, involved the same c# decompilation in order to extract the method to decrypt an encrypted password. In this case the user password was inside of a sqlite db file, and the method that encrypted it used two static keys along with aes after taking the cleartext to Base64. This would have been secure had the encryption be dynamic rather than being able to find both static keys within the decompiled program. After using that given password I was able to get a shell with winrm. After some enumeration I was able to query AD to get information on a deleted admin account mentioned, after decoding that I was able to get root. Pretty interesting machine, learned a good amount about navigating and extracting nuggets of information from an anonymous RPC session. 

**6/9/2020** - Hopefully I will keep this updated to the best of my abilities. This will be my first entry, I plan on going into my findings online and what I am currently interested in and where I am spending my time.

Over the past month I have had a lot of time to study due to COVID-19. I have been focusing almost all of my efforts on solving HackTheBox challenges. The amount of information and different technologies I get to play with and mess with to figure stuff out is crazy. The other day one of the boxes required me to decompile a .NET application and read its source code in order to extract the encryption and decryption process used for the hashes I had found on the machine. After rewriting and tweaking the .NET code I was able to decrypt it. Took me some time and definitely was my first time decompiling an application I had used ILSpy to accomplish this. It was super fun and informative. That is why I am spending so much time on these HTB challenges to prepare myself for the coursework once I start the OSCP course. My current plans are to obtain at least 50% ownership of active machines on HackTheBox and then proceed with the OSCP course in preparation for the test. I am currently at 20% ownership on hackthebox.
