---
layout: post
title:  "About Me"
date:   2020-06-8 21:03:36 +0530
---
My name is Conner Hoffman. I am a 21 year old tech enthusiast. Technology has encapsulated my interest since I can remember, lately security has been on the forefront of my interests and where I plan on driving my career. This post will dive into my Career Goals and what I ideally want to provide my employeer with. Secondly I dive into my areas of interest and expertise, Thirdly I go into some of the personal projects I have completed or am working on.


Career Goals:
Currently my goal is to obtain a position in which I can gain experience and grow my skill set in the Cyber Security sector of IT.

Overall Goal:
My goal regardless of my position is to maintain and improve the environment to the utmost of my abilities. Ensuring that proper protocol and procedures are always followed and SLA is taken extremely seriously. I want to continually bring value to the company and the IT Department as a whole, with both improvements and fixes to sub-optimal/insecure technology. I want to maintain IT documentation so that it is recent and informative as possible so when the need arises it can offer current information. Overall I want to do the utmost I can to continually bring value to the company through continuous improvement and continuous audits on the security of the environment.

Areas of Interest:

Networking - I currently hold my CCNA and I believe it was the perfect certification to study for and complete since it has given me a base understanding of communications between networked devices.

Linux - I have a big passion for working in linux environments. I believe Linux as a skillset is of utmost importance when managing an environment and for those with a desire in pursuing a cyber security career.

Virtualization - Aftering working in a corporate environment and being able to witness the sheer flexibility virtualized servers and hosts can offer a company. I became so fascinated I ended up purchasing and building a home server using ProxMox as the OS. This has been a great personal project for me as I was able to create a sandbox environment for myself to experiment in. 

Scripting/Automation - Every Time I am working on something or doing a task repetitively I constantly ask myself if it is worth the time to automate this process? In all of my professional job experience thus far I have come across numerous opportunities where there was wasted time and manpower on something that could be automated if given a few hours to tweak it and monitor it throughout its development. I personally with permission was able to deploy scripts in the environment that saved countless hours of tedious work so that I and my coworkers could focus on higher priority objectives. This has led to me sharpening my skills in Python, Powershell, and any other language that can accomplish the task without wasting time and providing value to my employer. 

Cyber Security- Both the Blue and Red side of security has been on the forefront of my interests as of late. I have been pursuing my OSCP so I have been frequently "drinking from the firehose" when reading tons of security articles and textbooks for information regarding anything I can get my hands on. 

Personal Projects-
1)You could say this website is one of my personal projects! I plan on keeping it updated as much as I can to document my progress in my personal studies and along my career.

2)Virtualized domain controller - I have used my home server that I mentioned earlier to set up a Microsoft Server 2016 vm with a local DC, DNS, and DHCP server running with other vm's as host machines. This project is ongoing and a great sandbox environment I have set up for myself for playing with authentication methods, file servers, print servers, AD/GPO, and the plethora of use cases a production Domain controller would provide to the company.

3)Hackthebox.eu - This one is definitely an ongoing challenge. The amount of documentation and technologies and exploits I learn in just one box is immense. The practical technology and common security flaws you learn to acknowledge has been a massive gain to my skill set and overall knowledge in IT.

